CLI.md, before:

# WaBucketRef CLI reference

## wabucket

Upload to and download from platform buckets artifacts, stored in W&B. WaBucket uploads the artifact under the following path on a platform: `bucket:<bucket_name>/<artifact_type>/<artifact_name>/<artifact_alias>`. The same path is assumed while downloading the bucket.

**Usage:**

```bash
wabucket [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
```

**Options:**

| Name | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| _--version_ | Show the version and exit. |
| _--bucket TEXT_ | Platform bucket ID or string name, which will be used to store the artifacts. If not set, the bucket with the name equal to the project name will be used. Each download or upload execution creates a dedicated W&B Run. All corresponding artifacts are attached to this run as either output \(if uploading\), or input \(if downloading\) for lineage. Some metainfo about the source job \(job ID, name, owner and tags\) is attached to the W&B run, so it could be easily filtered and found.  |
| _--project-name TEXT_ | W&B project name, which should be used. Alternatievely, use the corresponding env var \(`WANDB\_PROJECT`\). The project name is mandatory for both commands. |
| _--run-name TEXT_ | W&B human-readable run name to distinguish among other runs |
| _--job-type TEXT_ | W&B human-readable job type to group similar jobs together in the reports |
| _--entity TEXT_ | W&B entity. A username or team name where you're sending runs. See https://docs.wandb.ai/ref/python/init for more details. |
| _--help_ | Show this message and exit. |

**Commands:**

| Usage | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| [_wabucket download_](CLI.md#wabucket-download) | Download artifact of specified type, name and version. |
| [_wabucket upload_](CLI.md#wabucket-upload) | Upload artifact from local folder to the bucket and store it's reference in... |

### wabucket download

Download artifact of specified type, name and version.

**Usage:**

```bash
wabucket download [OPTIONS] ARTIFACT_TYPE ARTIFACT_NAME ARTIFACT_ALIAS
```

**Options:**

| Name | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| _-d, --destination-folder PATH_ | Path where the artifact should be stored. Otherwise, `./{artifact\_type}/{artifact\_name}/{artifact\_alias}` will be used |
| _-a, --run\_args TEXT_ | Arguments of current run to store in W&B.  |
| _--help_ | Show this message and exit. |

### wabucket upload

Upload artifact from local folder to the bucket and store it's reference in W&B artifact

**Usage:**

```bash
wabucket upload [OPTIONS] SRC_DIR
```

**Options:**

| Name | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| _-n, --name TEXT_ | W&B artifact name to assign  \[required\] |
| _-t, --type TEXT_ | W&B artifact type to assign  \[required\] |
| _-a, --alias TEXT_ | W&B artifact alias to assign. If not set, the artifact alias will autogenerated in form of UUID \(default behaviour\). WaBucket could also use a SHA value computed of run's arguments if this option is set to `'!run-config-hash'`. This could be used to prevent artifacts overwrites. |
| _-m, --metadata KEY=VALUE_ | Metainfo, which will be pinned to the artifact after upload. |
| _--reff / --no-reff_ | Whether to upload artifact to bucket and use it as reference in W&B, or directly upload the folder to W&B servers. |
| _-s, --suffix TEXT_ | Suffix to append to the output names `artifact\_type`, `artifact\_name` and `artifact\_alias`, which are read by the Neuro-Flow. This is usefull if you need to upload several artifacts from within a single job. |
| _--help_ | Show this message and exit. |

Commit message:

Add `link` command (#112)
* add link command

* add changelog and docs for new command

* cleanup

CLI.md, after:

# WaBucketRef CLI reference

## wabucket

Upload to and download from platform buckets artifacts, stored in W&B. WaBucket uploads the artifact under the following path on a platform: `bucket:<bucket_name>/<artifact_type>/<artifact_name>/<artifact_alias>`. The same path is assumed while downloading the bucket.

**Usage:**

```bash
wabucket [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
```

**Options:**

| Name | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| _--version_ | Show the version and exit. |
| _--bucket TEXT_ | Platform bucket ID or string name, which will be used to store the artifacts. If not set, the bucket with the name equal to the project name will be used. Each download or upload execution creates a dedicated W&B Run. All corresponding artifacts are attached to this run as either output \(if uploading\), or input \(if downloading\) for lineage. Some metainfo about the source job \(job ID, name, owner and tags\) is attached to the W&B run, so it could be easily filtered and found.  |
| _--project-name TEXT_ | W&B project name, which should be used. Alternatievely, use the corresponding env var \(`WANDB\_PROJECT`\). The project name is mandatory for both commands. |
| _--run-name TEXT_ | W&B human-readable run name to distinguish among other runs |
| _--job-type TEXT_ | W&B human-readable job type to group similar jobs together in the reports |
| _--entity TEXT_ | W&B entity. A username or team name where you're sending runs. See https://docs.wandb.ai/ref/python/init for more details. |
| _--help_ | Show this message and exit. |

**Commands:**

| Usage | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| [_wabucket download_](CLI.md#wabucket-download) | Download artifact of specified type, name and version. |
| [_wabucket link_](CLI.md#wabucket-link) | Create Artifact in W&B system out of existing binaries in Neu.ro bucket. |
| [_wabucket upload_](CLI.md#wabucket-upload) | Upload artifact from local folder to the bucket and store it's reference in... |

### wabucket download

Download artifact of specified type, name and version.

**Usage:**

```bash
wabucket download [OPTIONS] ARTIFACT_TYPE ARTIFACT_NAME ARTIFACT_ALIAS
```

**Options:**

| Name | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| _-d, --destination-folder PATH_ | Path where the artifact should be stored. Otherwise, `./{artifact\_type}/{artifact\_name}/{artifact\_alias}` will be used |
| _-a, --run\_args TEXT_ | Arguments of current run to store in W&B.  |
| _--help_ | Show this message and exit. |

### wabucket link

Create Artifact in W&B system out of existing binaries in Neu.ro bucket.

**Usage:**

```bash
wabucket link [OPTIONS] BUCKET_PATH
```

**Options:**

| Name | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| _-n, --name TEXT_ | W&B artifact name to assign  \[required\] |
| _-t, --type TEXT_ | W&B artifact type to assign  \[required\] |
| _-a, --alias TEXT_ | W&B artifact alias to assign. If not set, the artifact alias will autogenerated in form of UUID \(default behaviour\). WaBucket could also use a SHA value computed of run's arguments if this option is set to `'!run-config-hash'`. This could be used to prevent artifacts overwrites. |
| _-m, --metadata KEY=VALUE_ | Metainfo, which will be pinned to the artifact after upload. |
| _-s, --suffix TEXT_ | Suffix to append to the output names `artifact\_type`, `artifact\_name` and `artifact\_alias`, which are read by the Neuro-Flow. This is usefull if you need to upload several artifacts from within a single job. |
| _--help_ | Show this message and exit. |

### wabucket upload

Upload artifact from local folder to the bucket and store it's reference in W&B artifact

**Usage:**

```bash
wabucket upload [OPTIONS] SRC_DIR
```

**Options:**

| Name | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| _-n, --name TEXT_ | W&B artifact name to assign  \[required\] |
| _-t, --type TEXT_ | W&B artifact type to assign  \[required\] |
| _-a, --alias TEXT_ | W&B artifact alias to assign. If not set, the artifact alias will autogenerated in form of UUID \(default behaviour\). WaBucket could also use a SHA value computed of run's arguments if this option is set to `'!run-config-hash'`. This could be used to prevent artifacts overwrites. |
| _-m, --metadata KEY=VALUE_ | Metainfo, which will be pinned to the artifact after upload. |
| _--reff / --no-reff_ | Whether to upload artifact to bucket and use it as reference in W&B, or directly upload the folder to W&B servers. |
| _-s, --suffix TEXT_ | Suffix to append to the output names `artifact\_type`, `artifact\_name` and `artifact\_alias`, which are read by the Neuro-Flow. This is usefull if you need to upload several artifacts from within a single job. |
| _--help_ | Show this message and exit. |
